This is your chance to tell us what makes your character a living and 
breathing part of the game world. In this section, you should try to 
create a character with depth, expression and personality. The more 
information you provide here, the more substance you and the staff 
will have in order to shape the story of your character.

Remember: life aboard the spaceship, SBS Atlas, is harsh, and 
unforgiving. The environment is gritty, violent, and quite likely 
short-lived, as you are beset by hostile alien forces. If you are a
regular (not Aware) Utopian, you will remember little of your previous 
life. Take the time to ground your character within our unique story.
If you are new here and require help, please look at: 
http://atonementrpi.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=category&layout=blog&id=73&Itemid=95.

All backgrounds for a character should include the following before 
they can be accepted:

- #9A background to your character's life in the Outlands/Utopia:#0 
  describe how your character came to be aboard the SBS Atlas. If they're
  from Utopia, you need not elaborate too much on the above. However, 
  describe what circumstances your character heralded from. Describe 
  relationships with families, friends and enemies if they have them.

- #9A description of your character's skills:#0 
  how did your character come into the knowledge of the skills they now 
  possess? It's particularly important to specify how skills such as 
  education, medicine and first-aid were attained in their life. Was your 
  character one of the few lucky people to receive an education from wealthy
  parents? Were they taught how to look after the sick by a family member 
  or friend who was a doctor, seeking to take advantage of the sick and
  wounded in Grungetown or Utopia?

- #9What are your character's aspirations#0: it's important when creating a 
  character that they have a set of goals that will drive their mentality 
  in the game world and, in turn, how these goals will bring them into contact 
  with other characters. Will their fierce and greedy goals bring them into 
  conflict with others or will their more relaxed and casual attitude help
  them to make friends and allies?

When you are finished, enter the @ character on a new, blank line.


